This is the Debian GNU/Linux packaged version of the Distributed Computing
Platform Application Programming Interface (DC-API).

Package maintainer is Attila Csaba Marosi <atisu@sztaki.hu>

Upstream Authors:
	Gábor Gombás (overall framework, BOINC backend, 
	        packaging and previous package maintainer)
	Dániel Drótos <drdani@mazsola.iit.uni-miskolc.hu> (Condor & local
		backends)
	Attila Csaba Marosi <atisu@sztaki.hu>
	Ádám Kornafeld <kadam@sztaki.hu>
	Gábor Vida
	Zoltán Farkas <zfarkas@sztaki.hu>
	József Kovács <smith@sztaki.hu>

The package is released under the following license:

END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR THE ACADEMIC VERSION OF DC-API SOFTWARE

WARNING: ACADEMIC VERSION OF DC-API SOFTWARE IS FOR NON-COMMERCIAL USE ONLY

This End User License Agreement ("EULA") is a legal agreement between you
("LICENSEE") (either an individual or a single entity) and MTA SZTAKI, Computer
and Automation Research Institute, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Hungary ("MTA
SZTAKI") for academic use of the software product DC-API development toolset,
which includes computer software, sample applications and electronic
documentation (collectively the "SOFTWARE").

For your guidance
- Academic use includes any activities where fees are not charged, including
  but not limited to;
  a) Research activities where the research results are available for free
     distribution.
  b) Educational teaching activities (as distinct from Training Programmes
     below).
- Commercial use includes any activities where fees are charged, including but
  not limited to;
  a) Consultancy
  b) Training programmes
  c) Research activities where the research results are not available for free
     distribution.
  d) Research activities where research results are released in such a manner
     that commercial advantage can be gained by a receiving organisation.

You agree that the aggregation of Academic use and Commercial use constitutes
all uses or potential uses of the SOFTWARE.

Concerning Academic use; any academic report, publication, webpage, or other
academic disclosure of results obtained with this SOFTWARE must acknowledge
this SOFTWARE's use by an appropriate citation.

Read the EULA carefully before completing the installation process and using
the SOFTWARE. If you did not obtain this copy of the SOFTWARE legally, please
destroy the copy immediately. By installing, copying, or otherwise using the
SOFTWARE, you agree to be bound by the terms of this EULA.

If you do not agree to the terms of this EULA, MTA SZTAKI is unwilling to
license the SOFTWARE. In such event, you may not install, copy or otherwise use
the SOFTWARE.

YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SOFTWARE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS
LICENSE, UNDERSTOOD IT, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS.

Furthermore you hereby declare that you understand that this is an academic
license and that a commercial license for the use of this software exists. You
agree that contravention of the academic license may result in a liability
arising for historic, current and future license payments under the terms of
the prevailing commercial license that was in effect during the time period of
the contravention.

1. License

Subject to the terms and conditions of this EULA, MTA SZTAKI grants you,
LICENSEE, a non-exclusive, non-transferable limited license to install and use
one (1) copy of the SOFTWARE, solely for demonstration, testing, educational,
evaluation purposes and for academic research. LICENSEE may make one (1) copy
of the SOFTWARE solely for backup or archival purposes, provided that LICENSEE
reproduces and includes all copyright and other proprietary notice(s) on the
copy.

2. Restrictions

LICENSEE may NOT:
  (i) Rent, lease, lend, transfer, distribute or otherwise transfer rights to the
      SOFTWARE for any purposes.
 (ii) Remove any proprietary notices or labels on the SOFTWARE.
(iii) Modify the SOFTWARE.
 (iv) Reverse engineer or decompile, decrypt, disassemble or otherwise reduce
      the SOFTWARE to human-readable form.
  (v) Use the software for commercial purposes.

3. Ownership

The SOFTWARE is licensed, NOT sold. The foregoing EULA gives LICENSEE limited
rights to use the SOFTWARE. All rights, title and interest, including all
copyrights, in and to the SOFTWARE and any copies LICENSEE is permitted to make
herein are exclusively owned by MTA SZTAKI. MTA SZTAKI retains all rights not
expressly granted to LICENSEE in this EULA.

4. Disclaimer of Warranties

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. TO THE MAXIMUM
EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, MTA SZTAKI DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
PERFORMANCE OR MERCHANDABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR
NON-INFRINGEMENT WITH REGARD TO THE SOFTWARE. ANY OTHER SOFTWARE, ANY OTHER
HARDWARE, AND ANY OTHER WRITTEN MATERIAL FURNISHED WITH OR ACCOMPANYING THE
SOFTWARE IS NOT WARRANTED BY MTA SZTAKI. MTA SZTAKI DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE
SOFTWARE WILL MEET LICENSEE REQUIREMENTS, OPERATE WITHOUT INTERRUPTION OR BE
ERROR-FREE.

5. Limitation of Liability

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL MTA SZTAKI
BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL,
PUNITIVE OR OTHER DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DAMAGES FOR
LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION
OR OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR CAUSED BY THE USE OR
INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF MTA SZTAKI HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

6. Entire Agreement

This EULA constitutes the entire agreement between LICENSEE and MTA SZTAKI and
supersedes any other prior agreements or understandings, whether oral or
written, regarding the SOFTWARE. If a provision of this agreement is deemed
null and void, invalid or without effect, the remainder of this agreement shall
remain in effect. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under
Hungarian law.

7. Termination

Without prejudice to any other rights, MTA SZTAKI may terminate this EULA if
the licensee fails to comply with the terms and conditions of this EULA. In
such an event, the LICENSEE must destroy all copies of the SOFTWARE and all of
its component parts.
